README.md, before:

## Installation

From the root directory run the following:

```bash
scripts/install.sh # An optional --clean flag may be included. WARNING: This will currently wipe all local conan packages
scripts/build_packages.sh --build-type=[Debug|Release] # These can also be run as a VSCode task
scripts/build.sh
```

## Development

If you don't want to have to run the `install.sh` script a lot, you should add the various sub-packages as editable (see https://docs.conan.io/2/tutorial/developing_packages/editable_packages.html):

```bash
conan editable add core
conan editable add net
conan editable add ...
```

## Header Packages

- When a new header-only package is added, it's directory should be added to the `HEADER_PROJECTS` list in `install.sh` to allow the install script to continue to function correctly.
- It will also require a `dummy.cpp` in the root directory with a list of all headers intended to be exported and an appropriate `CMakeLists.txt` to supplement it. See the `net` package for an example.

## Intellisense

#### settings.json

The `settings.json` file under `.vscode` performs the majority of the intellisense for the project. When the project is built, it will generate a top-level `compile_commands.json` file which is a merged copy of all packe `compile_commands.json` files. You should point at this top-level file instead of any others. An of the cmake configuration for `settings.json` is as follows:

```JSON
"C_Cpp.default.compileCommands": "${workspaceFolder}/compile_commands.json",
  "cmake.configureSettings": {
    "CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE": "${workspaceFolder}/build/release/conan_toolchain.cmake",
    "CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS": "ON"
  },
  "cmake.buildDirectory": "${workspaceFolder}/build/release",
```

#### Troubleshooting

- Try running `C/C++: Reset Intellisense Database` and restarting VSCode if intellisense does not work on first try
- If header files cannot see `yojimbo` or other third-party libraries, try opening the `dummy.cpp` file and navigating to the problematic header file from there. It seems to fix VSCodes confusion

Commit message:

docs: update readme to add note about needing to run clean install after marking packages as editable

README.md, after:

## Installation

From the root directory run the following:

```bash
scripts/install.sh # An optional --clean flag may be included. WARNING: This will currently wipe all local conan packages
scripts/build_packages.sh --build-type=[Debug|Release] # These can also be run as a VSCode task
scripts/build.sh
```

## Development

If you don't want to have to run the `install.sh` script a lot, you should add the various sub-packages as editable (see https://docs.conan.io/2/tutorial/developing_packages/editable_packages.html):

```bash
conan editable add core
conan editable add net
conan editable add ...
```

**Note**: You will need to run `install.sh --clean [Debug|Release]` _after_ marking editable packages to prevent conan from picking up packages in your cache

## Header Packages

- When a new header-only package is added, it's directory should be added to the `HEADER_PROJECTS` list in `install.sh` to allow the install script to continue to function correctly.
- It will also require a `dummy.cpp` in the root directory with a list of all headers intended to be exported and an appropriate `CMakeLists.txt` to supplement it. See the `net` package for an example.

## Intellisense

#### settings.json

The `settings.json` file under `.vscode` performs the majority of the intellisense for the project. When the project is built, it will generate a top-level `compile_commands.json` file which is a merged copy of all packe `compile_commands.json` files. You should point at this top-level file instead of any others. An of the cmake configuration for `settings.json` is as follows:

```JSON
"C_Cpp.default.compileCommands": "${workspaceFolder}/compile_commands.json",
  "cmake.configureSettings": {
    "CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE": "${workspaceFolder}/build/release/conan_toolchain.cmake",
    "CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS": "ON"
  },
  "cmake.buildDirectory": "${workspaceFolder}/build/release",
```

#### Troubleshooting

- Try running `C/C++: Reset Intellisense Database` and restarting VSCode if intellisense does not work on first try
- If header files cannot see `yojimbo` or other third-party libraries, try opening the `dummy.cpp` file and navigating to the problematic header file from there. It seems to fix VSCodes confusion
